Ref: RE/DIGITAL_HOARDING/LOA/2024/001
Date: 23.03.2025

Wallop Advertising Private Limited
Office No. 02
10th Floor, Pinnacle Corporate Park
Near Trade Center, BKC, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400051

Kind attention: Mr. Arshad Khan
Email: arshad.khan@wallopadvertising.com
Phone: 9029006666

Subject: Letter of Authorization (LOA) for Providing Digital Hoardings at Retail Outlet at FC Road, Pune City

Dear Mr. Khan,

Following our recent communications and the tender process, we are pleased to grant Wallop Advertising Private Limited the authorization to install and maintain digital hoardings at our retail outlet located at FC Road, Pune City.

This authorization is valid for a period of five (5) years commencing from the date of this letter. The advertising space provided is 20' X 20' equating to 400 Sq. Ft.

The payment for the advertising space will be made on a quarterly basis at a rate of INR 350 per Sq Ft per year. Please note that there will be an annual increase of 5% in the payment amount.

Wallop Advertising Private Limited will be responsible for the installation, maintenance, and removal of the digital hoardings. All activities must comply with local laws and regulations. Any damages to the property during the installation, maintenance, or removal of the hoardings will be the responsibility of Wallop Advertising Private Limited. This includes, but is not limited to, physical damage to the property, electrical faults, or any other form of damage that may occur due to the installation, maintenance, or removal of the hoardings.

This agreement can be terminated by either party with a written notice of 60 days. In case of any breach of terms and conditions, Example Corporation Ltd. reserves the right to terminate the agreement with immediate effect.

We trust that you will uphold the highest standards of professionalism and compliance in carrying out your duties. We look forward to a fruitful partnership.

Yours sincerely,

[Signature]

Territory Manager
Territory Manager (Retail)
Example Corporation Ltd.